Allow to stop service instances [ECR-3762] (#1605)
exonum/exonum: CHANGELOG.md

- State hash aggregation is now performed automatically by MerkleDB.
  The relevant methods in `Runtime` and `Service` in Rust runtime
  have been removed. (#1553)

> - `commit_service` was renamed to the `update_service_status` and now takes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `commit_service` has been renamed to the `update_service_status` and now takes
```

- `before_transactions` hook for services was introduced. (#1577)
- `ErrorMatch` was introduced to test (e.g., using the testkit) that
  an `ExecutionError` has an expected type, error message and/or location. (#1585)
- Service instances can now be stopped.

>   Active service instance can be stopped by the corresponding request by the

Reviewer: Maybe `to the Supervisor` rather then `by the...` ?

- `Supervisor` service now can have initial configuration and implements
  `Configure` interface. (#1587)

> - Added `ConfigChange::StopService` to make requests to stop the service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ConfigChange::StopService` has been added to make requests to stop the service
```
